I am starting a new CS school named Headstart that is running two classes starting in March. The focus of the classes is very different from the programming classes you're used to seeing. We're focusing on teaching students practical and real-world skills that will enable them to build products and applications from scratch. 

We also provide strong continued mentorship after the class is done, and have a network of extremely talented people to help students find internships, give career advice, and help in any way possible. 

We're running two classes: one for beginners, and one for students with previous programming knowledge. In both classes, students will build multiple projects and one cumulative final project (like an Instagram clone).

I think Akash would be a great fit for the advanced class, and would love to talk more about whether it'll be a good fit for him! Would be happy to talk about it more on a call. 

You can find more details here: https://headstartlabs.org


Hi 
My son Sashank started headstart lab to teach programming courses .Headstart provides 6 week courses for high school students who want to be ahead in computer science. For more details visit the website  https://headstartlabs.org  .Please help him by  forwarding to your friends .



Hi All, 

My son, Sashank, has started a new CS school named Headstart that is teaching two programming courses in March - April. The focus of the classes is very different from the programming classes you're used to seeing. Headstart is focusing on teaching students practical and real-world skills that will enable them to build products and applications from scratch. 

They also provide strong continued mentorship after the class is done, and have a network of extremely talented people (Investors, Engineers, etc.) to help students find internships, give career advice, and help in any way possible. 

They're running two classes: one for beginners, and one for students with previous programming knowledge. In both classes, students will build multiple projects and one cumulative final project (like an Instagram clone).

The instructors are incredible, and I highly recommend looking into whether your child would be interested in enrolling. They have an excellent track record of teaching, and are very experienced through working in the industry at companies like Facebook and Amazon. 

Even if you are remotely interested, I suggest reaching out and scheduling a phone call to find out whether the class is a good fit. 

You can find more details here: https://headstartlabs.org. 



